Project STORM/ARASHIsource code releaseAugust 20, 1992, rev 1.1 July 22, 1993Copyright ©1992, Juri MunkkiSince I have been unable to find time to work on the STORM game (I haven’t even had the time to change the name to Arashi, as was planned after I got a letter from a company with a similar name), I’m now releasing the source code to the game in the condition that it is now. [1.1 Fortunately this has changed.]This package is available on the internet with anonymous ftp from ics.uci.edu, where the Think C mailing list archives are kept. If there are any future revisions of the source code package, I will send them there.There are several possible uses for this source code package.•	It can be used as a learning tool for writing Macintosh games and graphics packages that draw directly onto the screen. As long as you do not borrow huge amounts of code (just a few lines here and there), you are welcome to look at the code free of charge.•	The graphics routines can be used to write other games, animations and possibly even scientific visualization programs. If you write a commercial program, there is a one-time fee of $50 for every application that you write. For shareware and freeware authors, the fee is only $25. I haven’t received any shareware payments for the sound kit. The sound kit “read me” mentions a different system for payments, but you can ignore that part of the document.•	I hope that someone will pick up my work and write a level editor and add new and interesting things to the game. As long as you are adding things to the existing game, you don’t owe me anything.If you want to improve the game, I suggest you start out by reading and printing out the documentation. For best results, please use the FullWrite Professional versions of the documentation files. If you want to create new levels for the game, check out the STResource.c source file. It allows you to create your document formats. Either a text file format with incremental changes over previous levels or some kind of tagged format with the same idea might be ideal. You can also scale the values to your liking etc.I’m including a very rudimentary playfield editor (speditor). It’s been ages since I used it, but I seem to remember that you use the numeric keypad (or the number keys) to use it. It edits the resources in the program file itself, so you have to copy them with ResEdit to the game application or possibly a game file (you’ll have to provide support for this, if you want to have game files).Please remember that I hate sending real physical mail (letters etc), since it’s a lot more trouble than E-mail. If you are reading this and you are without E-mail access, I strongly suggest that you find a way to join cyberspace. Compuserve and AOL are easy ways to get E-mail access.I’ll most probably answer short and intelligent questions that are sent to me via E-mail. If you have a problem with the code, spend at least a few hours studying before you contact me. My time is limited and you’ll learn more that way.My e-mail address in the internet is: jmunkki@hut.fi.Applelink, usenet, bitnet, fidonet, Compuserve and America Online users shouldn’t have any problems contacting me, once they figure out what gateway to use…You can letters and donations and such to me, but please don’t expect me to answer them unless I can use E-mail for the reply. My address is:	Juri Munkki	Ehrensvärdintie 20B8	SF00150 Helsinki	FinlandCheers,	 